(They are on their way to the next set)
I want to eat pizza
I more like pizza than fried chicken!
Jokbal (Pork hock)
Bossam (Napa wraps with pork)
Jajangmyun (Black bean noodles)
Tangsuyuk (Sweet and Sour Pork)
Lamb skewers and Guobaorou are so delicious
(They’re singing LOOΠΔ 1/3’s “Love&Live”)
We’re doing good, right?
(They’ve arrived the next place!)
It looks like a foreign country
I want to go abroad
I want to hang out
Did you think that you will go abroad like other members did?
Yeah, I slightly expected that...
But they told me that you don’t go abroad...
So I said.. ‘Okay!’
Where did you want to go?
Paris!
Because..
HeeJin looked really pretty
and the girls had a lot of delicious food in Paris...
And…. I envied HaSeul. Because she’s been to Iceland
Seeing an aurora isn’t easy, right?
I really want to see an aurora before I die
But HaSeul saw that. So I envied her a bit
(Maybe you will go abroad someday! Good luck!)